Adjust assemblies for orcharhino builds (#4947)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/snip_important-do-not-use-phased-updates.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

[IMPORTANT]
====

> {Team} recommends disabling and not using phased updates on hosts running Ubuntu.
> Phased updates obstruct {Project} from managing content on hosts.
> If enabled, {Project} cannot ensure updates and errata are deployed as intended to all hosts running Ubuntu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabling phased updates on hosts running Ubuntu and do not use them.
Phased updates obstruct {Project} from managing content on hosts.
If enabled, {Project} cannot ensure updates and errata are deployed as intended to all hosts running Ubuntu.
```

Author: I would like to keep this as an opinionated suggestion for all users.

Reviewer: I think the reasoning behind [why RH SSG recommends not using "recommend"](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#recommend) (;)) is sound, but I recognize that this is not completely applicable here.

I'm fine with it.
